well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
florida and texas we'll go ahead and
start off by saying that
i was going to do this as a satire video
but couldn't come up with a way to make
this more absurd
than how it appears already
so i'm just going to tell you what
happened and you can
laugh this morning at the force that is
our current government
so president trump has decided from up
on high
that it's time for the states to start
paying their own way
everybody needs to chip in we're all in
this together type of thing
and that states are going to have to
start paying millions
to cover 25 percent of the cost of the
national guard deployments
that are due to the current situation
all of the states except for florida and
texas
yeah if you use any metric
that makes sense it doesn't make sense
it makes no sense to exempt those two
states
if you're talking about the hardest hit
yeah we're getting hammered
but we're not the hardest hit if you're
talking about how prosperous the states
are and their ability to come up with
the money both florida and texas are
pretty prosperous states if you use any
metric that makes sense
we'd be exempting mississippi right now
but we're not florida and texas
with no explanation we have no idea why
there are two possible
reasons that i can come up with and
they're probably
related the first is that both
florida and texas were states that trump
won last time and that are
kind of shaky for him right now so he
doesn't want to
cause them any more expenses
because he's afraid it's going to cost
him votes
the other is that both states have a
governor
that followed him like a lost puppy into
this mess
um it appears
that both of those governors put the
president's
re-election ambitions above the welfare
of their own citizens
and this may be the president's way of
rewarding them
you know
i'm open to other suggestions for this
i've got nothing
i mean i've asked nobody can offer any
other suggestion
any other reason why these two states in
particular were exempted
on behalf of people living in florida
and texas
i'd like to thank you guys for starting
to chip in and pay for your own
responses
and pay for ours that's very generous of
you
we appreciate that
this certainly appears to be another
reminder that the president's only
concern
is himself but don't worry
we're all in this together you guys a
little bit more than us though i guess
seriously thank you it's very nice and
uh i would just like to remind everybody
that the american republic will endure
until politicians realize
they can bribe people with their own
money
anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day